Gyeongbokgung Palace, or the Palace of Felicitous Blessing, was the main Palace of the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910). It opened in 1395, the fourth year of the reign of Taejo, the founding monarch of Joseon. The Palace attained all necessary facilities and systems commensurate with its status as Joseon’s primary Palace during the reign of Sejong (r. 1418-1450). It was burnt down in 1592 during the Japanese invasions and remained in ruins until extensive reconstruction was undertaken in 1868, the fifth year of Gojong. However, many of the structures were removed during the Japanese colonial rule (1908-1945).

The Cultural Heritage Administration has been restoring the Palace since 1990. First of all, the old Japanese government-general building was dismantled and Heungnyemun Gate and its cloisters were reconstructed. The bedchambers of the king and the queen, named Gangnyeongjeon Hall and Gyotaejeon Hall, as well as Donggung Palace, or the East Palace, the residence of crown prince, were restored. Currently, Gwanghwamun Gate, the Palace's main gate has been restored since 2010. Thus, the Palace is regaining its old splendor.
-----------------------------------------------------
It was in 1395, three years after the Joseon Dynasty was founded by King Taejo (Yi Seong-gye), when the construction of the main royal Palace was completed after the capital of the newly founded dynasty moved from Gaeseong to Seoul (then known as Hanyang). The Palace was named Gyeongbokgung Palace, the "Palace Greatly Blessed by Heaven." With Mount Bugaksan to its rear and Mount Namsan in
the foreground, the site of Gyeongbokgung Palace was at the heart of Seoul and, indeed, deemed auspicious according to the traditional practice of geomancy.
-------------------------------------------------
Sluice shift ceremony
It is an event that reproduces the duty change of the officers in the Joseon Dynasty.
Reconstruction of the excavation costumes of Lee Eung-hae, Lee Mue- hae , a god of the mid- Joseon period, and Cheol- rik were reproduced with the participation of a number of traditional costume advisors. have. [4]
On the other hand, the Gyeongbokgung Palace gate change ceremony was held in May 2002 with the opening of the World Cup and the expansion of cultural contents utilizing palaces.
